Add certificate support for Azure Batch (#3097)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/batch_certificate.html.markdown

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_batch_certificate"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-datasource-batch-certificate"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing certificate in a Batch Account

---

> # Data Source: azurerm_batch_account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Data Source: azurerm_batch_certificate
```

Use this data source to access information about an existing certificate in a Batch Account.

## Example Usage

```hcl

> data "azurerm_batch_certificate" "test" {

Reviewer 2: Instead of using test could we use example?

  name                = "SHA1-42C107874FD0E4A9583292A2F1098E8FE4B2EDDA"
  account_name        = "testbatchaccount"
  resource_group_name = "test"
}

> output "pool_allocation_mode" {

Reviewer: this field doesn't exist, so let's use:
```suggestion
output "thumbprint" {
```

>   value = "${data.azurerm_batch_certificate.test.pool_allocation_mode}"

Reviewer: which would make this:

```suggestion
  value = "${data.azurerm_batch_certificate.test.thumbprint}"
```

}
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Batch certificate.

* `account_name` - (Required) The name of the Batch account.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group where this Batch account exists.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Batch certificate ID.

* `public_data` - The public key of the certificate.

> * `format` - The ID of the Storage Account used for this Batch account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `format` - The format of this certificate, such as `PFX` or `PEM`.
```
